Updated/added RancherD notes to reflect discontinuation (#3826)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.5/en/installation/_index.md

- **RKE (Rancher Kubernetes Engine)** is a certified Kubernetes distribution and CLI/library which creates and manages a Kubernetes cluster.
- **K3s (Lightweight Kubernetes)** is also a fully compliant Kubernetes distribution. It is newer than RKE, easier to use, and more lightweight, with a binary size of less than 100 MB.
- **RKE2** is a fully conformant Kubernetes distribution that focuses on security and compliance within the U.S. Federal Government sector.

> - **RancherD** was an experimental tool for installing Rancher, which was available as of Rancher v2.5.4 but is now deprecated. RancherD is a single binary that first launches an RKE2 Kubernetes cluster, then installs the Rancher server Helm chart on the cluster.

Reviewer: How about this:
```suggestion
- **RancherD** was an experimental tool for installing Rancher; a single binary that first launches an RKE2 Kubernetes cluster, then installs the Rancher server Helm chart on the cluster. It was available as part of Rancher v2.5.4 through v2.5.10, but is now deprecated and not available for recent releases.
```

Author: Updated notes per feedback, thanks!
